Title: Studio

----

Text: We are fortunate to work with clients of all sizes and specialties, from startups and small family businesses to Fortune 500 companies to educational and cultural institutions, incuding We are fortunate to work with clients of all sizes and specialties, from startups and small family businesses to Fortune 500 companies to educational and cultural institutions, incuding:

----

Process: We take our inspiration from you:  your vision, your goals, your story. With sensitivity to your organization’s message and your audiences, we can develop a distinctive visual identity that speaks your truth—and bring it to life across a wide range of media and tools, from print to digital to environmental.

----

Founder: 

Laura Scott founded Studio Scott in 2009 to bring award-winning design and communications experience to a wide range of design disciplines: identity, branding systems, print, packaging, and environmental graphics.

Prior to opening Studio Scott, Laura was an associate in the San Francisco office of Pentagram Design for 10 years. She has taught through Studio 5, the American Institute of Graphic Arts’ (AIGA) education outreach program for inner city fifth graders, has been a guest instructor at the Academy of Art University, and was education chair on AIGA San Francisco’s board of directors from 2013–2015. In March 2018, Laura received the AIGA San Francisco Fellow Award—an award that recognizes seasoned designers and other major figures who have made a significant contribution to raising the standards of excellence in practice and conduct within the Bay Area design community and the AIGA SF chapter.

Before becoming a graphic designer, Laura served as communications director and congressional liaison for a non-profit education association in Washington, DC. Laura received her BA in English and Art History from Colby College and her MFA in Graphic Design with valedictorian distinction from the Academy of Art University.

----

Clients: We are fortunate to work with clients of all sizes and specialties, from startups and small family businesses to Fortune 500 companies, educational enterprises, and cultural institutions. Each has a unique story—one we translate visually through distinctive design.

----

Clientslistleft: 

Stanford University
California Academy of Sciences
Sequoia Capital
RPX Corporation
Equator Coffees and Teas
San Francisco AIDS Foundation
The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation
Fork in the Road Foods
Boudin Bakery
Kaiser Associates
The Trust for Public Land
California State Parks Foundation
Felicis Ventures
Graduate Theological Union
Kite Hill Foods
Epiphany Dance Theater

----

Clientslistright: 

Dev Bootcamp
True Story Foods
Willamette University
Visa Commercial
San Francisco Public Library
UC Hastings College of the Law
365 Main
Columbus Salame
University of California
Katherine Delmar Burke School
ICF International
San Francisco Symphony
Menlo College
City of Sunnyvale
Bola Tamales
The Commonwealth Club